.\" Manpage for hdb (hello database)
.\" git repo: https://github.com/710242/HDmain
.TH man 8 "2022-06" "0.0.1" "hdb man page"
.SH NAME
hdb - CLI for hello database operation
.SH SYNOPSIS
hdb [OPTION]
.SH DESCRIPTION
hdb is a small database written in c and created by some students in chung cheng unniversity. the main purpose of creating this database is for the grades having greater understands about c language.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS -v, --version
Display current version of hdb.
.SS -h, --help
Display help messages
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS hdb init - Initialize a new database.
hdb init mydb
.SS hdb create - Create a new table.
hdb create -t table_name -c column1:int column2:string column3:float
.SS hdb insert - Insert values to the table.
hdb insert table_name values for_column1 for_column2 ...
.SS hdb alter - Alter the arrangement of the table.
hdb alter table_name add column:data_type
hdb alter table_name drop column
hdb alter table_name modify column data_type
.SS hdb update - Update the data in the column.
hdb update table_name set column_name=new_data where condition
.SS hdb delete - Delete(clear) the data in the column.
hdb delete table_name where condition
.SS hdb rename - Rename table or column.
hdb rename -t origin_name
hdb rename -t table_name -c origin_name new_name
.SS hdb search - Search for certain data.
hdb search table_name where condition
hdb search table_name ALL
.SH BUGS
This project is currently under developement. If there is any bugs, please help us report to our github.
.SH AUTHORS
JasonKe


